with the genocide of our people outside
the courthouse demonstrators called for
a ceasefire and denounced President Joe
Biden's support for Israel's war on Gaza
shame on our government I feel terrible
about it I don't feel proud to call
myself an American at all it's
disgusting they were there in support of
Palestinians and Palestinian Americans
who are trying to end US military aid to
Israel they accuse Biden and top
Administration officials of complicity
and genocide under the 1948
International treaty against genocide
they are asking a federal judge to order
the administration to stop supplying
weapons and diplomatic support to Israel
today was an incredible day it was
indeed a historic day for the first time
in perhaps 75 years we the Palestinian
Community representing our people in
Gaza got to tell our story and got to
share our truth the case was streamed
online as Witnesses describe the anguish
of Los losing family members a doctor in
Gaza recounted desperate efforts to save
children wounded by Israeli bombs and
bullets judge Jeffrey white allowed
testimony from experts on genocide and
international law despite strenuous
objections by government defense lawyers
lawyers for the government did not
address the question of whether genocide
is or is not
taken rather they argued that matters of
foreign policy and Military affairs the
exclusive domain of the executive branch
and that domestic courts have no
authority to intervene lawyers for the
Palestinians say they are optimistic and
we're really hopeful that the judge does
the right thing and does everything
within the Court's power to stop this
genocide the arguments were heard and
taken extremely seriously by judge white
he said this is the most difficult
factually and legally case that he's
ever had to contend with plaintiffs and
their lawyers hope that however the
judge eventually rules at the very least
the case will increase the already
intense pressure on Biden to change
course Rob Reynolds Al jazer Oakland
California make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer